Welcome to the fourth and final challenge of Section 19 I mean the section 19 workspace in the challenge
underscore for Project.
We also have a challenge underscore for underscore solution project which contains a solution.
This challenge is pretty easy but it's kind of fun.
The idea is that we have the Romeo and Juliet play that we've used before and what we want to do is
we want to read that in add line numbers to it and then write it out to a new file.
So we're not going to modify the original file We're going to create a copy of the original file that
has line numbers on it.
OK so it's really nice really easy to do and it gets a little bit of experience writing more files.
Let me run this for you.
I'm going to run the solution and it shows no output.
It just says copy complete.
Because there's not much to show.
But let's open up the inclosing folder here so we can see what's created.
Now here you can see the original Romeo and Juliet.
There's no line numbers here on the left.
And this is the file that's created right here Romeo Juliet underscore out you can name that anything
you like and you can see that that has line numbers now nice and formatted and you can see them all
lining up right on the side.
There are a lot of line numbers in this file.
About 0 0 0 and something I believe.
Now there's one thing I don't like about this solution is the me scroll.
There you see the solution gives line numbers to all these empty lines.
I guess that's OK.
All depends on what you want to buy number.
So I'm doing it two ways I'm doing it like this.
And then I'll show you another way in a second which gives only line numbers to lines that actually
have text.
OK.
So let me run that solution in a second.
I'll show that one to you.
OK so we're going to run this other version and this copy is complete and then we'll take a look at
what it looks like.
And right here Romeo and Juliet underscore out and you can see it looks exactly like the previous one
except that blank lines aren't numbered.
So you could see that we're skipping those blank lines we're still displaying them like they were in
the original file but we're not numbering them.
And I think it looks a little easier to read this way.
I mean I don't know whether line numbers are put into scripts like this or not but different option.
It gives you two different solutions and you can experiment with that.
I'll show you both solutions when we do the solution project in a little bit.
So that's it.
Have fun.
OK so that's it for this video.
See you in the solution.